Balananna and Ondu Muttina Kathe

I went to his room and started waking him up by touching him and saying, “Balananna… Balananna…” Still half-asleep, Balananna suddenly slapped me on the cheek! I came out with a swollen face and sat outside.

Dodanna, Actor

This incident took place during the making of Shankar Nag’s Ondu Muttina Kathe. We were all staying at a lodge in Udupi. As usual, I was ready for the shoot at around six in the morning.

The production manager, Kumar, came up to me and asked, “Are you ready? Don’t you have to wake Balananna?”

I immediately went to his room and started waking him up by touching him and saying, “Balananna… Balananna…” Still half-asleep, Balananna suddenly slapped me across the cheek!

I came out with a swollen face and sat outside. The production manager came over laughing and asked, “Did he hit you? Balananna gets terribly angry when someone wakes him up from sleep. I have had the same experience four or five times. But I managed to dodge his blows,” he proudly said, as if he had mastered some great skill.

Having just been slapped, I was understandably upset. I didn't speak to Balananna at all at the shooting location.

In the evening, as we were getting ready to return, Balananna asked me, “Dodanna, which vehicle are we taking to the lodge now?”

I didn't respond.

“Tell me which vehicle it is. Don't just sit there without saying anything,” he said.

At that moment, Annaavru (Rajkumar), who was there, asked me, “Dodanna, why are you angry with him?”

I explained the morning's incident.

Annaavru then said, “Don't feel bad that he hit you. Everyone who has been beaten by him has gone on to prosper!”

(It is said that Annaavru himself had also been beaten by Balananna during his theatre days.)

After we returned to the lodge, I went to Balananna and apologised, saying, “It was very wrong of me not to speak to you since morning.”

Balananna then expressed his regret and said, “I have been through a lot. When someone wakes me up from sleep, I just can't control my anger… I end up hitting them.”

(Photo: Pragathi Ashwathanarayana)