Teaser of 666 Operation Dream Theatre Released

The teaser of director Hemanth M. Rao’s 666 Operation Dream Theatre has been released. Shivarajkumar, Dhananjaya, and Priyanka Mohan play the lead roles in the film, which is produced by Vaishakh.

The much-awaited film 666 Operation Dream Theatre is being made in both Kannada and Telugu. The film has already generated curiosity with its posters, director, and star cast. The teaser launch event of the film, starring Shivarajkumar and Dhananjaya in the lead roles, was held recently.

Speaking at the event, Shivarajkumar said, “Hemanth is a wonderful director. Vaishakh is my fan, and now he is producing my film. This is my third film with Dhananjaya and my second with Priyanka. It is a wonderful team. Charan Raj is a top music director. I love cinema and I never say no to it. Operation Dream Theatre has given me a great experience. When I put on that costume, the attitude and swag naturally come along. Vaishakh will become a successful producer.”

He also shared some details about his character: “Bond films usually have swimming pools with five or six girls around them, with Bond in the middle. But I am not that kind of Bond in 666 Operation Dream Theatre. I am a decent Bond. I am a Bond who brings everyone together.”

Dolly Dhananjaya welcomed Vaishakh to the Kannada film industry and said, “Welcome to Sandalwood, Vaishakh. He has come into the industry after learning about cinema, living and breathing cinema, and understanding whom he should work with. He has the potential to become a good producer.

“When I was sitting at the distributor’s office and wondering why Hemanth had not called me to make a film, he called me a week later and said we should meet. We have made this film with a wonderful team. Hemanth gets work out of us like a child insisting until he gets what he wants! I have learned a lot from him.

“Shivanna is a great source of strength for me. This is only the teaser; there are many surprises in the film. The entire team has worked wonderfully.”

Producer Vaishakh said, “When I was 12 years old, I had already dreamed of starting my own production house. I wanted to make films that I personally liked under that banner. That dream has now come true.

“I am fortunate to have found such a wonderful team for my very first film. I am extremely happy to have made a film with my favourite actor, Shivanna. I have been a huge fan of his since childhood and used to watch every one of his films on the first day, first show.

“During the shooting of Veda, I asked him if I could make my first film with him. I did not ask about the budget, story, or director. He simply told me, ‘Come up with a good story and let’s start soon.’ Shivanna is a superstar who listens to a story and agrees to do a film without overthinking everything.

“I was introduced to Dhananjaya through this film. He has put in tremendous effort, and his finest performance of his career is said to be in this film. I hope this film becomes a milestone in his career and gives him recognition for his talent and hard work.

“We shot for 90 days and worked on the sets for 100 days. Vishwas has created amazing sets. Charan’s music and Advaith’s camera work are superb. Hemanth is another hero of this film. Even when he received calls from other industries over the past five years, he stood by me.”

Director Hemanth M. Rao said, “I know how much I searched and struggled to find the right producer. For ten years, I could not find the right producer. While making Godhi Banna Sadharana Mykattu, I had to seek my father’s help. I eventually found someone who stood by me. I built my career through that film.

“After wandering around for so many years, I have finally found such a wonderful producer. Cinema is a combination of art, photography, music, and many other elements. A film cannot be made by one person alone. It takes an entire community.

“We have the strength of an elephant in the form of Shivanna. There are very few successes he has not seen and very few kinds of films he has not done. The way he conducts himself when he comes to our set increases our enthusiasm and interest in our work.

“Dhanu, Aditi, and Priyanka are wonderful artistes. There are also many newcomers in the film. We have left out a small part of our film, and the audience will have to take that forward.”

In 666 Operation Dream Theatre, Shivarajkumar plays the role of Agent Prakash, while Dhananjaya portrays Agent Shankar. The film features a large ensemble cast including Priyanka Mohan, Aditi Balan, and Sukhwinder Singh.

Following the Sapta Sagaradaache Ello series of films, Hemanth M. Rao has taken up this project, naturally creating considerable curiosity among audiences.

Produced by Dr. Vaishakh J. Gowda under the banner of Vaishakh J Films, the film has Vishwas Kashyap as art director, Advaith Gurumurthy as cinematographer, and Charan Raj as music director. Inchara Suresh is the costume designer.

The film is expected to hit theatres by the end of this year.