Two Songs from Rukmini Radhakrishna Released

Two songs from director Pran Suvarna’s upcoming film Rukmini Radhakrishna have been released. Bharath Kumar, Mokshitha Pai, and Riya Sachdeva play the lead roles in the film.

Produced by N. Hanumantharaju and N.H. Umesh under the banner of Umesh Films, Rukmini Radhakrishna is directed by Pran Suvarna. The release event for two songs composed by music director Sunad Gautham was held recently.

Bharath Kumar, son of Shilpa Srinivas, television actress Mokshitha Pai, known for the serial Paaru, and Riya Sachdeva play the principal characters in the film.

Speaking at the audio launch, Lahari Velu said, “There are five beautiful songs in this film, and they have been picturised equally beautifully. I have high expectations for the film as well.”

Lyricist K. Kalyan said, “The preparation of the producers and the commitment of the director are clearly evident in the songs. The heroine’s character has a Tamil background, so I have written one song by blending Tamil and Kannada.”

Lead actor Bharath Kumar said, “When I went to meet Lahari Velu, he appreciated the meaningful lyrics in the songs. He also released the audio for a good amount. When we wanted a song in two languages, K. Kalyan crafted the lyrics accordingly. My mother suggested that Mokshitha from Paaru would be a good choice for the role of Radha. Both producers are like brothers to me. Radha is the soul that connects Rukmini and Krishna. Sunad Gautham is the reason these songs have turned out so well.”

Lead actress Mokshitha Pai said, “Bharath also came along with the producers when they narrated the story to me. When they asked me which role I wanted, I chose Radha. I really liked the intensity of the character. There is no Radha without Rukmini. We shot this song in Kumbakonam.”

Actress and model Riya Sachdeva said, “I play the role of Rukmini in the film. They trusted me and gave me this role.”

Music director Sunad Gautham said, “The story is very unique. They have dreamed of presenting it on a grand scale.”

Director Pran Suvarna said, “K. Kalyan gave us the lyrics the very next day after I gave him the tune. I met Bharath during Pinaka. He liked my work and suggested that we make a film together, and he took me to the producers. I developed this script around a line that Bharath had shared. Radha is Krishna’s soul. Although Rukmini remains Krishna’s companion, Radha remains his soul. A major portion of the film will be shot in Kumbakonam.”

Producer Umesh said, “Around 90 per cent of the shooting has been completed, and only one song remains to be shot.”