“You Can Put Tape Over It So the Moustache Won’t Show!”

Whenever the director filmed longer shots, the producers would be extremely anxious. Fearing that film stock would be wasted, one of the producers would sometimes even step in front of the camera!

The film industry has introduced us to some unusual people and extraordinary situations. Here is one such incident that I remember.

Some people with very little experience in filmmaking had decided to make a film (I would rather not mention its title). Seeing their enthusiasm, my husband Lokesh and I agreed to act in the film. Since there were no scenes involving Lokesh in the initial stages, he did not join the shoot then.

The shooting took place in a village near Mandya. No proper arrangements had been made for the artistes’ meals. A different house in the village was designated for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Even though the houses were far away, we had to walk there. When we found it difficult to walk that far, they arranged a bullock cart for us.

At some of the houses we went to for meals, we were told, “The food isn’t ready yet.” It was embarrassing, but there was nothing we could do.

There were also some strange incidents during the shooting. We had become thoroughly fed up with the producer’s extreme frugality. Whenever the director shot longer takes, the producer would anxiously wring his hands. Fearing that film stock would be wasted, he would sometimes even walk right in front of the camera!

Lokesh joined the team for the final days of shooting. The director insisted, “You have to shave your moustache for our film.”

Lokesh replied, “I am currently acting in another film (Ksheerasagara). It will cause a continuity problem there. Could I give you dates on another day?”

The producer then said, “Why another day, sir? Just do one thing—put some tape over your moustache so it won’t show, and act in our film!”

We didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at his suggestion!

Luckily for us, the film was never released.